# PROST version 0.13.0

_PROST!_ is a [Protocol Buffers](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/) implementation for the [Rust Language](https://www.rust-lang.org/). `prost` generates simple, idiomatic Rust code from `proto2` and `proto3` files.

This major update brings new features and fixes:

## Breaking changes
- derive Copy trait for messages where possible (#950)

  `prost-build` will automatically derive `trait Copy` for some messages. If you manually implement `Copy` you should remove your implementation.

- Change generated functions signatures to remove type parameters (#1045)

  The function signature of `trait Message` is changed to use `impl Buf` instead of a named generic type. If you implement `trait Message`, you should change the function signature.

- Lightweight error value in TryFrom<i32> for enums (#1010)

  When a `impl TryFrom<i32>` is generated by `prost` derive macros, it will now return the error type `UnknownEnumValue` instead of `DecodeError`. The new error can be used to retreive the integer value that failed to convert.

## Features
- fix: Only touch include file if contents is changed (#1058)

  Most generated files are untouched when the contents doesn't change. Use the same mechanism for include file as well.

## Dependencies
- update env_logger requirement from 0.10 to 0.11 (#1074)
- update criterion requirement from 0.4 to 0.5 (#1071)
- Remove unused libz-sys (#1077)
- build(deps): update itertools requirement from >=0.10, <=0.12 to >=0.10, <=0.13 (#1070)

## Documentation
- better checking of tag duplicates, avoid discarding invalid variant errs (#951)
- docs: Fix broken link warnings (#1056)
- Add missing LICENSE symlink (#1086)

## Internal
- workspace package metadata (#1036)
- fix: Build error due to merge conflict (#1068)
- build: Fix release scripts (#1055)
- chore: Add ci to check MSRV (#1057)
- ci: Add all tests pass job (#1069)
- ci: Add Dependabot (#957)
- ci: Ensure both README are the same and prost version is correct  (#1078)
- ci: Set rust version of clippy job to a fixed version (#1090)
